it all depends on when ur ready.
if you're asking, then you should break-up w/ and open yourself to other options.
why do gays want to get married?
THEY BOTH DONT RESPECT YOUR FEELING.
No seriously, think about howmany cocky girls are out there.
She is too afraid to ask him out.
in that case tkake some defense classes.
you would be genuinly suprised in the type of people that go to them.
Hey, I'm in NYC I'll help you out if your around!
10 years gap is just nice.
give it a chance because if you break up with them it would be harder to be friends
The Best of Luck to ya!
hang around untill the bar closes -- or visit a prison
Because believe it or not, women hate cocky men.
( even if he  is rich, dont sell ur self.
hello: i am looking to visit your country.
that way you can still go by your last name!
I do not know what to do because she knows how much I care about him.
figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers.
Trust him,  don't bring it up again.
I actually ponder this one now and again.
GOOD LUCK AND I HOPE EVERYTHING GOES WELL!
the thing is im a person that does not like to brake others heart.
bembie hit the nail on the head
look, try and get out to meet people.
Depends, some days I want to have sex, somedays I don't.
go up to her and say 'hi, are you single?'
Just be prepared to let her go.
could it ever be the same...
guys are stupid!who knows why they do what they do.
Remember being friends with someone online is ok but there are limits.
and he had his nose pierced.
Giving it up just for him to stick around is like selling your soul to the devil.
A picture the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated....thats special
or that she just wants to see other people?
there was his stop so he got off the train.
r u talking about ur avatar?
we always seem to push the ones taht we love away.
If a guy cares he calls.
If you two are serious then asking her that question shouldn't bother her.
but now we do all these things together and i dont know what to do..
but i dont htink that by not having sex with him he will become unfaithful or leave you.
Ok, so I had this problem too.
Uh- wher've U been meeting these Filipinas?
That way, you aren't exactly telling them what you specifically don't like about them.
You people have no right to get married!
So you have ONE baby out of wedlock.
First of all, why did u guys break up?
i think im still totally in love w/ him...
i was cheated on for 3 of the years.
Because some women send subtle messages to men rather than being clear.
He probably has many things to worry about right now other than you.
Women are coomplicated.
They will think you are leering if you look at them creepily.
I do not know, but I have knowledge of another webpage that I visit..
King has a song about this, it is called 'Only Your Mother Loves You.'
If he does not go out with you, do not worry as there are plenty of other options.
Find the one who loves you also.
Stay very far away from this man.
Why would some men do that?
A few good women are left, you simply have to look in the right places.
It's the only time in your life, you're able to live out true love!
If she is no longer interested in you.
You also should move on if they have.
She will inform you if it is not acceptable.
I know three men I can do that with.
If he insists then it indicates sex is his only goal.
You can save money with respect to flowers.
If you are not happy then you need to fix it or leave.
You can perform a citizen's arrest.
I do not find a man appealing who behaves that way frequently.
Is homosexual, or is it simply curiosity?
In my opinion, they do.
If anyone knows the answer, please let me know.
Red stands for love, black stands for death, and so on.
Why bother if you are already doing it?
Demonstrate your skills to her.
I am confused and do not know what to do because I hate for the girl to be that way.
I believe that he would make a great Valentine.
This is difficult due to the many temptations.
Hopefully, you married your husband because you love him.
That depends, are you an attractive individual with an athletic form?
Getting married and having children can be postponed, but your studies cannot be.
I have never attended it.
Do you want to be in a relationship with the same man?
Be the best version of yourself, and if he is impressed he will talk to you.
Are you or are you not attracted to him?
It appears that he likes you, and should should show him how you feel.
No, because I am not yet married.
Make sure it is your decision.
It never harms anyone to flirt a little!
You should stick with what you feel inside.
It is the woman's decision.
Almost without exception (not constantly) those are men similar in age to yourself, more or less.
If you have to ask, then that is a negative.
Even though I am getting divorced, I am still stuck with this.
You will know in time, and I recommend seeing what happens for six months.
Not all gentlemen break up with their woman.
Not all men, however some men do.
Girls who are heavier can still be attractive.
