It all depends on when you are ready.
If you are asking, then you should break up with him/her and then open yourself up to other options.
Why do homosexuals want to get married?
Both of them do not respect your feelings.
No seriously, think about how many arrogant women are out there.
She is too shy to ask him out.
In that case, you should take some defense classes.
You would actually be surprised at the kind of people that go to them.
I am in New York currently, I'd love to show you around if you'd like.
A ten-year gap is just nice.
Give it a chance, if you break up with them it will be harder to remain friends.
Best of luck!
Remain until the tavern closes, or visit a prison.
Because, believe it or not, women hate cocky men.
Do not sell yourself, even if he is rich.
I would like to visit your country.
That way you can still go by your last name!
I do not know what to do because she knows how much I care about him.
Decide which style of arrangements and flowers that you would like.
Trust him and do not bring it up again.
I frequently think about this issue.
Good luck, and I hope everything goes well!
The think is, I am a person that does not like to break people's hearts.
You are speaking the truth.
Try to get out and meet people.
I want sex here and there.
Walk up to her and say "Hello, are you single?".
You should be prepared to let her go.
Could it ever be the same?
Men are daft, who knows why they do what they do.
Remember, being friends with someone online is okay, however, there are limits.
He has his nose pierced.
Giving it up just for him to stay with you is like selling your soul to the devil.
A picture of the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated, that is special.
Or that she just desires to go out with other people?
There was his stop so he left the train.
Are you referring to your avatar?
We always seems to push away the ones that we love.
If a man cares about you, then he will call.
If you two are serious, asking her that question shouldn't bother her.
Now we do so many things together and I do not know what to do.
I do not think that not having sex with him will make him unfaithful toward you.
Ok, I have had this problem too.
Where have you been meeting these Filipinas?
That way, you are not telling them what you specifically do not like about them.
I prefer you not marry.
You have one child.  Are you married?
Firstly, why was the relationship not terminated?
I believe I persist in feeling all-consuming romantic love for him.
I was cheated on for three of those years.
Because some women send men tiny messages with out saying it clearly.
besides don't you think he has enough to worry about?
i can onli say...women r complicated...
if you look creepy and you look..they'll all think you're leering.
I dont know.But i know of another website that i go to..
King had a song about this - Only your Mother loves you (and see might be jiving too).
if he doesn't then there are too many fish in the sea.
Just find one that loves you too.
Stay 100 miles away from this guy.
But some guys would do that...   WHY?
there are lost of good women left you just have to look in the right place.
The One time in your life to really live out the true fantasy of love!
If she is not into you anymore...
If they have moved on then you should too.
She will tell you if it's not OK.
I know 3 guys that I can probably get away with doing something like that.
if he insists, it means he only after sex.
a big savings area is flowers.
If you aren't happy fix it or get out.
you can do a civilian arrest  answ3r3r
i dont like a guy dat does dat all da time.
Did  turn gay or is it a curiosity thing?
I myself think that they do.
if anyone know let me know
Red= love, black = death ect...
you are already doing it so why yet bother?
Show her what you're good at.
I'm confused I hate the girl to be like that ... what shall I do ?
i think he would make a great valentine.
(this is really hard because there are a lot of temptations out there).
you married your hubby hopefully because you love him .
THAT DEPENDS...ARE YOU A HOTTIE W/A BODY?
Getting married and getting child can wait but studies can't.
i have never been to it
The same guy you wanna be in a relationship with?
then be your best self, if he's impressed or likes you he'll talk back
you like him or you don't like him?
it defenetely looks like he has feelings for u.do u show how u feel;;u should!!
no, because i'm not married yet
Whatever  you decide, make it completly YOURS!
it never hurts to be flirty!
But stick with wats inside of u.
Depends on the woman, it's better shaved=-)
Most often (not always) that will be guys around your age, give ot take.
No, not if you have to ask...
(and now even in devorce im stuck with it !
time wiil tell give it six months and see what happens.
Not all guys get bored and move on.
not all guys, but some guys do
However that does not mean that big girls can't be cute.
